The Joe Rogan experience.
Let's take this opportunity to give credit to the sexiest man alive.
According to guardian found.
A lot of girls lighten up. that guy.
So I don't know if you know the, this picture. Did you see his pose? Yeah.
This is hilarious. You think about that?
Well, how the does he have time to do that?
Aren't you trying to protect us from the evil.
We're on the virus, bro. When you're that sex?
I guess she just take a couple of, I wanted to give you a gift.
I wanted to give you a gift. I figured if you.
Give me a Fowchee.
Dollar, I already have. No, no, no. I'm not going to give you a five sheet.
I'm going to give you something a little more than a Fowchee dollar, you know?
Uh, because, because of what he just did. I, oh, I got you.
25 cheese Topps, rookie card, PSA 10.
This is something you should keep for.
Probably we just probably increased the value by five times. Right? And I just,
by talking about it, that's actually a card for Fowchee.
And uh, can you see that?
He's throwing a pitch.
And he's throwing a pitch. Did you see his.
Pitch? I would imagine it was atrocious. You.
Got to see the pitch. I can't show it. You cannot ride.
You can't show it right in the worst.
Wow. That's very arguable, but appetite one bad.
1 57 and a bad one. Gary Del Bhate hit a bad one. Oh,
Baba Booey. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, well.
Anyways, I thought he would appreciate that.
Who the is that sexy guy right there. Right. Okay. Well thank you very much.
I figured you would, you will, you know how much that's worth today?
It's probably worth 50 bucks. It's worth a couple hundred dollars. Really?
That's the point that a Fowchee baseball card is worth, worth,
worth a couple hundred dollars.
But I think it just went up after he became sexy. Well then.
The sexiest man in America, the sexiest, right? Wow. Yeah.
It's worth a.
Thousand dollars. It just went up. Oh.
Oh well that's what someone's correct asking, but there's not a lot of them, so.
Yeah, no, no. You're very much.
Today is his street credit for his baseball card. Just went up. Yeah. With, uh,
with Fowchee. But uh, we'll see. What's going to happen there. Yeah.
How much? Who the is collecting cards?
Oh dude. Are you kidding me? Do you know?
It was a UFC. I have a UFC card. That's like worth money.
I have max Holloway's rookie card. How much is it worth? I haven't looked,
but there, I mean the card game has exploded.
Are you following it at all or? No, I don't have time for that.
You're not following at all. What's going on with the card game? No. Okay.
Can I, can I, uh, shock you with some numbers if that's okay with you, please.
Okay.
What do you think is the value of the most expensive card in
the world today? Uh, just throw a number on this, babe. Ruth, have a card.
Maybe it's got a card, but it's not the most expensive. Really? Jackie Robinson.
He's got a card, but it's probably not in the top 1000 of the most expensive.
Oh.
Boy. Yeah, no.
I'm out of guesses. Mickey mantle has a card. Okay. Mickey.
Mantle. Okay. How much is that?
10, 19 52 Topps rookie card. There's only three of them.
What do you guess please? 20 million. 20 million bucks.
That's actually the number really? So you do follow. I just say, oh,
you're on the.is 20 million bucks. I'm good at that.
The guy who bought it in 1998,
the owner of the diamond bags paid 1 0 4 for it in 98,
from 1 0 4 to 20 K today. That's a big jump.
A Luca credit card, a Luca rookie car.
Two days after his birthday at 22 years old sold for 5.2 million.
That's a basketball player, Joe. Yeah. Luca,
Don chick is a great basketball player.
I was going to ask you don't follow basketball. I follow sports. I got you.
Yeah. So the main sports commentator who doesn't fall sport,
cause you got to baseball. You got a card as well. You got a card,
you got a card with the, I know there's a UFC card. There is,
I think it's worth some money. Yeah. [inaudible] yeah. You got a card.
The card industry. Today's Booman, there's a,
there's a few guys that are doing it the right way. Uh, the card,
private equity business got into it. They got into it. So, you know,
Jordan's rookie cards were selling for like 25,000 bucks a few years ago.
And once he's probably, there's only 330 of those PSA, 10 rookie cards.
These guys got into it. Next thing you know,
jumped to a couple of them sold for $700,000.
I can't fake that. Can you fake a car?
The best thing about the card game that changed is there's a grading service
called PSA show PSA. That's based out of Newport. They don't even,
they're not even taking any new cards, run them because they can't.
It takes 12 months for you to get graded. They're that busy right now? No joke.
And it costs like 50 bucks, 40 bucks, a hundred bucks to get cards. Great. It,
depending on the quality of it, you send it to them. They look at it.
And then based on that, like you see this year that says a PSA stamp,
they give it a score, there's a VIN number to it. And then there's a,
not a vendor, but a serial number to it. And, and this has got a value. Okay.
So PSA changed a game. Beckett. Grading service changed the game.
Watch the entire episode for free only on Spotify.